I've always believed that destiny
chooses our path in life
[Music]
here is your sidekick and here is your
pinkie you are destined for destined for
what I didn't quite hear that last part
they came to our world together
but they were destined our baby can fly
yes yes nothing but the best for you
darling to take a different time can we
keep it one would be cheered Metro Man
day Metro City table for two
was feared consider yourselves under new
management and Metro Man is nowhere to
be found
he'll destroy the whole city I'm sorry
I'm finally free to get in touch with my
true power making awesome music you're
kidding right
when the world needs a hero this is a
strange turn of events all oh it's hello
oh hello like that and the superhero
movie
just a few alterations and I will be
done with your tape I'm calling it well
used to forget me stick oh right I think
it's working and Brad Pitt check this
out
I have eyes that can see right through
huh great words
Megamind do you have your disguise what
you look fantastic
you
[Music]